only 30 minutes from downtown
quebec the north adventure lodging is
a must for tourists and
lovers of nature
it would be more charming to visit you
will convince hello madam martin thank you
to welcome us in this magnificent
in which year the geithner
explains open its doors
we opened in 2007 in fact any end
our starting activity and snowmobiling
so the organization of hikes
snowmobiling and it's true that the fact of
make a starting point with a
accommodation allowed us to accommodate
our snowmobile clientele and
finally to have an income also to
the year because we discovered this
beautiful nature this beautiful landscape of 900
brigitte
we are hungry the most
comfortable possible
and then we also acquired a spa that
is in a location that gives a
unobstructed view of the mountains the
river so it's pretty fabulous I
think people appreciate a lot
one has access to the river which is a
other to very interesting was like
winter since winter can be
go snowshoeing on the
river also around the cottage so
in the surrounding mountains
and then of course all the trails
pedestrian trunk saint brigitte de
laval
and which are in general worth almost to
visitors we have a little bit of everything
world finally it's true we
works a lot with a clientele
European
but eventually a lot too maybe
more off season or for the purposes of
week with a Canadian clientele
Quebecois so a little all origins
finally
so we have five rooms so five
different rooms from the floor peac3
in ground garden so that gives access
in the garden they all have a view of
mountains
what other service at the price move if
even in the refuge yes so so the
people can actually enjoy
massage since I have
massage therapists who come here
massage so different
techniques so a great possibility
of relaxation and do you believe to finish
who the city of saint brigitte de laval
realize more about development
tourism
yes actually I would say of a
generally jacques cartier but
actually saint brigitte de laval
especially because these last
years the development was a lot
done at the residential level but so
without necessarily taking into account the
sustainability of access to the trails etc
and that's very important to keep
to actually attract tourists
when we see this beautiful nature the 11th '
my god but it must be that people
come see it and including in
period of colors that's all
beauty but withdrawal thanks a lot of
to have welcomed us
thank you to you it made me happy
the north adventure lodging ship more than
log cabin nature
exceptional and the warm welcome
of its owners make the place
a place of predilection for Saint
brigitte de laval